The Bionic Men	Electronica meets the Blue Man Group. Enjoyed for both their on stage theatrics with costumes, lights and special effects, as well as their blend of electric house and dance music, Electronica has a fairly strong following in the United States with young to middle-age concert goers. Their act is severely reduced in effectiveness during the daylight hours due to their reputation as “light show” performers. The Bionic Men will likely be a moderate draw for Econochella but concert goers who are unfamiliar with the group may be pleasantly surprised with the entertainment none-the-less. 	60 minutes	100,000
Les Salter and the Ignition	Bluesy rock from Little Rock, Arkansas, Les Salter and his band bring a potential cross-genre appeal to Econochella. Popular with segments of fans from country, rock, blues and soul, the band easily meshes with other acts. Salter and his crew certainly have a sound distinctive from every other potential act at Econochella and they have wide-spread appeal which bring them credibility. Econochella has been looking to broaden their musical variety in recent years and perhaps this is a good option for doing so. They are willing to do two sets if needed.	80 minutes	95,000
Macy Dynamite	The soloist extraordinaire of the moment. Dynamite is currently only challenged by herself on the charts for solo pop/rock/soul hits. Widely liked and musically celebrated, she is sure to pack a crown in whatever venue she is placed in. As her popularity has soared, Dynamite has become reclusive and while she does animatedly interact with her fans, she now has many specific contractual demands. She will only play after 9:00 PM and there is no wiggle room on that demand. She was recently featured at the Grammy awards in an elaborate number that was widely praised by critics and fans.	60 minutes	270,000
Illiterate Monkeys	The rap-rock group is purely underground. Deafening volumes and raucous crowds have defined the group for a decade. Notoriety has been the key word for this Des Moines based group for a decade with as many known in-group disasters as success stories. Perhaps capitalizing on this, the group has turned their dysfunction into their core appeal. Dissonance is their choice in sound and they are known to frequently destroy equipment to the delight of their fans. Most venues triple security for a Monkeys concert but still enjoy the profitability of the whole endeavor. The volatility of the act has burned a number of bridges with other acts. While they enjoy a solid reputation with many in the rap world, they have a long feud with both Fractured Coccyx (with whom they disastrously toured with years ago) and Macauley & Co. (frontman Neal Max has been rumored to have threatened to kill IM drummer Steve Seidman). Neither band will perform on the same stage as IM.	60 minutes 	75,000
Chicken Fried Awesome	An up-and-coming rock band with a highly electronic sound, these Austin-based boys have been heavily touring the country for two years as non-headliners. Often opening for groups with strong credentials, CFA has carved out a moderate but enthusiastic fan base in a variety of metro areas across North America. Scrappy and willing to sacrifice for the big break, their manager sells his band as a stunning deal. They are not well-known on their own merits but have a high energy set that usually plays well with a variety of music fans open to hearing new acts. Onyx Eyes has shown an interest in having CFA tour with them in the coming year and has indicated they’ll only play Econochella if CFA is booked as well.	40 minutes 	25,000
Babes and Bullets	High intensity but short songs mark the B&B style of play. Punk rockers from San Francisco, B&B has carved a nice niche for themselves as a second-stage band at music festivals across the nation. Content to be playing moderate sized venues and fiercely independent, B&B has managed to build a very loyal fan base. They have said they don’t want to play on the same stage as “corporate sellouts”... specifically noting Rico’s Revenge, Robert Miyagi, and DJ Swedissh Cheff.	40 minutes 	40,000
Infu$ion	Formerly of the hip-hop duo WonNayShun, lyricist Infu$ion has made the jump to a popular solo career. Leaning into more rock-inspired melodies and collaborations with noted guitarists, Infu$ion has made a name for himself by unleashing freestyles over instrumentals played by his live band. Highly infectious with his style and highly charismatic on the mic, he has become a fan favorite at rock festivals despite his hip-hop background. Often seen as an important change in flavor during long rock sets, Infu$ion appears to be in as much demand for what he isn’t for what he is. Infu$ion has stated that he’d be interested in doing two sets as long as they are back-to-back.	50 minutes 	65,000
Rico’s Revenge	The oddly named resurrection of former boy band Love Patrol. Rico’s Revenge has altered its sound slightly to be more musically mature and less purely-pop, but the five-part harmonies remain. The group’s signature accapella showstoppers continue to be their winning act. Playing many new versions of classic chart-topping Love Patrol songs, as well as new offerings, RR has mildly won over critics who traditionally panned them as a formulaic teeny-bopper ensemble. RR will absolutely pack an arena, but their largely homogeneous following may be a turnoff for some fans who enjoy more diversified crowds at music festivals. None-the-less, RR would be a huge draw for Econochella despite any potential drawbacks.	70 minutes 	300,000
The Potato Head Project	The side group of the once notable metal group Deth to Deth’s lead singer Greg Slavin, TPHP is virtually unknown outside the metal circle. Slavin, once a staple of the 80’s rock scene, has returned after a decade’s absence with a softer sound. Fans are unconvinced but some audiences might be interested in the revival of a former great. TPHP is advertised as musically adventurous but they are yet to play any live concerts and have only released a limited EP. Still, Slavin promises to impress the masses and is trying to use Econochella as a springboard back to relevance.	30 minutes 	18,000
Robert Miyagi	Pop folk artist Miyagi is as much a charmer as he is a talented guitar player. Commanding A-list talent on his collaborations and large scale venues for his performances, Miyagi is currently at the top of his game. With the rare combination of being a highly respected player and launching top-40 hits on the regular, he expects to be one of the primary draws to Econochella this year. The high number of Billboard chart topping hits makes him highly accessible to the fans. He brings instant appeal to any lineup and artists should be clamoring to be featured on the stage before or after his performance. Miyagi’s wide appeal and limited concert availability has caused his fee to soar recently.	90 minutes	340,000
Aluminum Falcon	Part rock legends, part comedians, Aluminum Falcon is a true irregular in the music world. Consistently profitable and popular for thirty years, these aging band of brothers are still going strong with spoofs of top pop and rock hits. Finding the tough to obtain niche between corny and irrelevant, AF has a strong following across a wide array of demographics. Never able to top the charts, AF still is a popular act who will certainly relish any opportunity to play at Econochella on any stage at any time.	60 minutes 	45,000
DJ Swedissh Cheff	Known for highly energetic live performances, Cheff is an ever growing presence in the house music scene. Collaborating with major artists, he has seen many of his remixes and original song reach the dance charts in the past three years. Cheff is on the rise and is willing to perform or share the stage with just about anyone.	60 minutes	70,000
Caffeine Buzz	The all-girl group of power-pop persuasion has a strong cult following in the United States. Diehard fans of the group are known as coffeeheads and are notorious for singing all the lyrics of all the songs. The breakthrough for the group came with a lucrative contract to provide music for a popular role-playing game online. Coffeeheads are likely to attend Econochella for Caffeine Buzz and no one else. CB has not played many music festivals and it’s uncertain how crowds would react to the group’s normally small-venue act. CB is willing to do multiple sets.	70 minutes 	45,000
647 Buckingham Way	The alternative rock trio from the outskirts of London have made quite the splash here across the pond. Lead singer Grace Tedford’s soaring vocals have already made their way into multiple movie soundtracks and have even taken home an Oscar and several Grammy awards. The guitarless band uses piano as it’s driving instrumental melody and has been rated as one of the best groups to hear live due to their almost limitless versions of their songs due to their high use of improvisation in both instrumental and vocal talents. They play long sets as their songs can often surpass ten minutes in length because of their style of play.	100 minutes	80,000
Hummingbird Anthem	Sunny San Diego-based indie pop outfit Hummingbird Anthem is as much of a throwback sound as it is a modern pop group. Taking most of its creative cues from beach bands of the 1960s, the music of HA is upbeat and presented through a variety of interesting instruments. Riding a wave of popularity after touring with major acts in the last months, HA is on the rise as a potential headliner in the upcoming year. Appealing to many age groups, the 40+ demographic may find the sounds of HA to be more palatable than many offerings at Econochella. HA has previously schedule a late-night private concert and will have to complete their set before 9 PM to make that.	60 minutes	60,000
Macaulay & Co.	Talented, moody, ill-tempered but musically brilliant, Macaulay & Co. is led by the Max brothers. Fraternal twins who jumped from band to band in the early 1990s before joining former bandmates in forming M&C. They pioneered the Grunge scene before moving into a more deep alternative style. Known for alternatively shunning and then embracing the limelight, M&C is well known to the tabloids and Americans at large. Their most dedicated legion of fans most likely are in their thirties, but they have been able to attract more youthful audiences as well and have established staying power on the music scene. Their recent album Galaxies has sold more than eight million copies to date. They expect to be the final act on any stage they perform on and will walk away if not granted that request.	80 minutes 	220,000
Sonderbund	Toronto-based new wave band Sonderbund created quite the impact on the music scene when it’s rich and full musical sound his the radio-waves in the late 1980s and continued to pour on the hits throughout the 1990s. Surprisingly unchanged from its initial sound, the partnered lead singers Sonya Mullins and Creighton Payne have delighted fans for well over twenty years. Sonderbund has a huge and well-traveled cult following across North-America and Europe. Sonderbund can deliver the goods, but is primarily attractive to an audience 35+ years.	70 minutes 	120,000
Onyx Eyes	Strictly instrumental and strictly very serious. Power rock to the max with no fewer than five guitars creating a wall of sound so intense that fans have dubbed their concerts to be “the shake.” The rarity of their tours and the sheer size of their fan base has driven up their fee considerably, but at the same time, they may be the closest thing that a concert promoter has to a guaranteed smash hit. Onyx Eyes is widely considered the greatest active live band in the world. They have taken a strong interest in the relatively recently unknown group Chicken Fried Awesome.	90 minutes 	190,000
DJ Megara	A popular Australian performer, DJ Megara is massively popular in her home country as well as across Asia. She is making inroads in North America but her name is largely confined to the EDM crowd. Appealing to purists for her mixing skills, she’s also incorporated a very broad music library into her shows, often blending K-Pop, West Coast hip-hop and Euro House with more regional sounds. She requests not to go back-to-back with another DJ.	60 minutes 	50,000
Sloth Central Incorporated	The hip-hop crew’s zany antics earned them a reality show and revitalized interest in their talented lyricists. The hip-hop collective has featured many artists over the years, but they have built a very solid reputation despite frequent lineup changes. Well-known and appreciated for their humor, SCI may be less warmly received by other fans because of their pure hip-hop style. Still, they remain a draw, and with so many members, they’ve offered to do multiple sets.	50 minutes 	45,000
Fractured Coccyx	The pop-punk band known for radio-friendly accessibility and high energy songs struck chart gold in the late 1990s and throughout the first half of the 2000s. FC released a slew of hits before disbanding in the late 2000s. Now reunited and playing mostly older hits, the band still commands respect and attracts very large audiences due to their widespread influence and likeability. FC still enjoys the prime time and would be largely disappointed if they did not receive top or at least prime billing for Econochella this year. They have already discussed with management an unwillingness to perform in the Tent this year due to an “incompatibility with our style.”	90 minutes 	200,000
Forgotten Indigo	A local band that has offered to play for free. They have absolutely no following but have been recommended by a few music insiders who have heard a demo tape. Expect nothing and you might be surprised. Advertised as an alternative rock group, it is largely unknown what a set might look like. Still, Forgotten Indigo has offered themselves up as a way for promoters to spend more lavishly on big acts by taking them on.	30 minutes 	0